[BOP-1313] Policy Controller (OPA Gatekeeper) (#127)
Mirantis/mke-docs: content/docs/operations/policycontroller/_index.md

---
title: Policy Controller
weight: 1
---

> MKE supports easy installation of third-party policy controllers for Kubernetes. 
> Currently, the only policy controller supported is [OPA Gatekeeper](https://open-policy-agent.github.io/gatekeeper/website/docs/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MKE 4 allows installation of third-party policy controllers for Kubernetes. 
[OPA Gatekeeper](https://open-policy-agent.github.io/gatekeeper/website/docs/)
is currently the only supported policy controller.
```
I was not sure about installation vs integration. Do we install it or integrate it in the system?

Author: Install is probably more accurate
